hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm gonna show
you a thriller film the contagion during
her business trip in Hong Kong Barry is
enjoying a secret phone call with her
ex-lover which makes her ignore her
continuous cough and low fever with her
body she then flies back home for her
husband while in the city Hong Kong a
young man with the same symptoms falls
down and hits a car accident similar
case also happens in London were after
work a model suffers a sudden death at
her bathroom it's reported worldwide
with cases of people dying an unknown
disease while staying at home Barry
collapses with seizure her husband Marc
rushes her to the hospital she dies away
with unknown cause still under
depression Marc returns home and finds
that his stepson also died with similar
symptoms Marc soon put in isolation for
close observation the doctors are busy
with research on the brain slice samples
taken from Barry it locates the highly
contagious virus which would collapse
the hosts immune system within a short
time the American Disease Control Center
sends its researchers for investigation
well from the doctor interview during
the quarantine Marc happens to find that
her wife maintained a secret
relationship with her ex-lover and want
to know whether the lovers affected at
the Disease Control Center the
researcher determines the virus is a
genetic mix of Pig and bat borne viruses
this is a brand-new virus for human with
high mortality rate and the worst no
vaccine by far the center orders to
destroy the sample in case of possible
infection but the doctor violates the
order and continues his research he
finally separates the virus cells and
turns to work on a vaccine due to its
rapid spread its projected that more
than 8 million people would be infected
worldwide
meanwhile the World Health Organization
also dispatches a epidemiologist or
investigation in Hong Kong where the
virus is said to originate the
epidemiologist traces down Barry's
travel routes from the video tapes
showing Barry's contacts in a local
casino the epidemiologist identifies
Barry is the first case carrying the
virus that's believed to spread among
people through direct contact while on
the other side mark is released from
quarantine by the hospital after they
confirm that mark is totally immune to
the new virus mark then returns home
with his teenage daughter the Disease
Control Center plans to take the stadium
as a temporary quarantine shelter they
negotiate with local bureaucrats who are
very reluctant to commit resources for a
public health response under the excuse
of short budget fourteen days later in a
local hotel
the girl working for the Disease Control
Center happens to find she's got
infected by the virus despite of the
panic she manages to confirm with the
hotel for any possible contacts there
she then warns the hotel to take
quarantine and reports this bad news to
the Disease Control Center the center
tries to take its staff back for medical
care but finds that the only airplane
with a quarantine compartment has
already been expropriated by a high
government official who's also been
infected
what's worse many area has been blocked
up due to the virus outbreak it ends up
the poor girl can't make it through the
virus attack and dies at a local
hospital soon while at the same time the
rumor of virus spread has been
transmitted rapidly the panic spreads
out among people resulting in city's big
chaos and stoppage while a famous
youtuber posts a video claiming that he
has cured himself of the new virus by
use of a medicine derived from forsythia
people are all overwhelming the
pharmacies for the medicine during a
television interview the youtuber even
discloses the Director of Disease
Control Center tries to cover up the
useful medicine from ordinary people and
make dirty deals with pharmaceutical
companies for profits what's more the
director is challenged that he even
secretly informed friends and family to
leave the city before it's quarantined
suffered from this breaking news the
director is then taken under
investigation
in the 26th day of the virus outbreak
the death toll worldwide has reached 2.5
million many countries declare the state
of emergency people unrest for daily
necessities with home breaks and
robberies everywhere mark prepares
weapons for safe of him and his daughter
while his daughter is still dating her
boyfriend and want to let go of
themselves in the snowy day that
triggers Mark's anger badly on the other
side after days and nights of tests on
monkeys the research team successfully
finds the immune body but it still needs
to take couple of weeks of clinical
tests before it's put into use to cut
out the lengthy time to take the consent
from infected patients the researcher
takes a shot in herself with the
experimental vaccine she then visits her
father who's also a doctor but gets
infected due to his contact with the
patients thanks to her sacrifice
encouraged to test the vaccine herself
the vaccine is later declared a success
and then put into production by the 131
day of the virus outbreaks so far 26
million people has been claimed lives
worldwide due to limited vaccine doses
the government has to allocate them to
people by lottery those who are unlucky
to hit the lottery choose to make their
own way for the limited resources some
even kidnapped the epidemiologist trying
to find some vaccines from her but only
finds a box of placebo the Disease
Control Center director is given the
priority to to vaccine doses for his
family but he chooses to give one shot
to his wife and the only one left with
Cleaners child meanwhile the YouTuber
has found that he faked his illness to
boost the sales of forsythia medicine he
gets arrested for securities fraud and
manslaughter but due to lack of strong
evidence for those crimes and under the
pressure from his fans the government
has to release him nevertheless as a
public influencer the YouTuber continues
posting videos on youtube to keep his
lies about the vaccines marks daughter
waits home lonely for love and finally
get the chance to let go of their
hormone with her boyfriend who's taken
the vaccine while before the family
photo the poor mark can't help crying
for his late wife
earlier to this story a tree is knocked
down in Hong Kong the disturbed bats fly
over with its food which drops into a
pig farm
the contagious food is then eaten up by
a pig which is slaughtered and prepared
by a chef for a local casino who shakes
hands with the visitor berry
transmitting the virus to her this is
Daniel CC movie review bye